“The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides a champion from someone who is not a champion.”
“The clock is ticking. Are you becoming the person you want to be?”
“Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t, you’re right.”
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.”
“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.”
“Action is the foundational key to all success.”
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”
“Well done is better than well said.”
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.”
“A champion is someone who gets up when they can’t.”
“What hurts today makes you stronger tomorrow.”
“If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied.”
“If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.”
“You have to think it before you can do it. The mind is what makes it all possible.”
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.”
“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”
“Of course it’s hard. It’s supposed to be hard. It it were easy, everybody would do it. Hard is what makes it great.”
“No pain, no gain. Shut up and train.”
“Don’t get lazy just train your future”
“Make the pain your fullest strength try hard and rich to the goal”
” who is stopping you for going further it’s you and your laziness! wake up and run”
” be fit and healthy and stay longer and happier life”
“easy workouts can give you nothing! try heart and reach to the success”
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. JIM RYUN
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. GENE TUNNEY
Fitness is not about being better than someone else. It’s about being better than you used to be. KHLOE KARDASHIAN
Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. JIM ROHN
Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together and you’ve got a kingdom.JACK LALANNE
I hate every minute of training. But i said, don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. MUHAMMAD ALI
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow. ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER
Do today what others won’t so tomorrow you can do what others can’t.JERRY RICE
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. SEAN PATRICK FLANERY
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity. JOHN F. KENNEDY
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you. FRED DEVITO
Train hard, turn up, run your best and the rest will take care of itself. USAIN BOLT
Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits. JERRY DUNN
Unless you puke, faint, or die, keep going. JILLIAN MICHAELS
If you ever lack the motivation to train then think what happens to your mind & body when you don’t. SHIFU YAN LEI
Exercise is done against one’s wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.GEORGE A. SHEEHAN
Age is no barrier. It’s a limitation you put on your mind. JACKIE JOYNER-KERSEE
We must train hard. It’s not about denying a weakness may exist but about denying its right to persist. VINCE MCCONNELL
You can have results or excuses, but not both. ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER
Remember this: Your body is your slave.  It works for you.JACK LALANNE
Life is about evolving. Don’t stay in a situation that’s not helping you grow mentally, spiritually, and emotionally
Everything you have ever wanted is on the other side of fear”
“In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can”
“Someone busier than you is working out right now”
“One day you are going to look back on all the progress you have made and be glad you didn’t quit”
 “There are no secrets to success. It is the result of the preparation of hard work and learning from failure”
 “Set your goal high, and don’t stop till you get there.”
 “Work until your idols become your rivals”
 “On good days, workout. On bad days, workout harder.”
.“Stop waiting for things to happen. Go out and make them happen”
“You will never know your limits until you push yourself to them.”
“I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.”
“Never forget why you started”
“If  it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you”
“Your success is determined by how hard you work today”
“I am going to hit the gym harder than I ever did before.”
“They say you are lucky, but they don’t know how hard you worked to get here.”
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it”
“There is no elevator to success you have to take the stairs”
“Wake up every morning and tell yourself “ I will do this”
 If you aren’t willing to work for it, don’t complain about not having it”
 “Fall in love with taking care of yourself mind.body.spirit”
 “When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender that is a strength.”
“The moment when you want to quit is the moment when you need to keep pushing.”
“While most are dreaming of success, winners wake up and work hard to achieve it”
“The only way you will see the result is if you stay consistent”
“The harder you work for something, the greater you will feel when you achieve it.”
“While you are still waiting to find an easy way(or the perfect time), someone else is already getting results, because they decided making progress is more important than making excuses”
“Fitness is like a marriage you can’t cheat on it and expect it to work.”
“Never give up greatness take time.”
“Your success is determined by what you are willing to sacrifice for it.”
“Result happen over time, not overnight. Work hard, stay consistent and be patient.”
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.”
“You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.”
“Fitness is not about being better than someone. Fitness is about being better than the person you were yesterday.”
“We all have the same amount of hour in our day. Deciding how to use your hours is up to you.”
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what make is permanent.”
“To achieve something you have never had before, you must do something you have never done before.”
“There is no gain without pain”
“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise”
“Push hard and the result will follow”
“Nothing feels better than a finished workout”
“Don’t Count the days make the days count”
“Fitness is like a relationship you can’t cheat and expect it to work”
“You are made to be awesome”
“I can and I will watch me every day”
“The best project you will ever work on is you”
“The gym is the place where I break me and where I remake me!”
“When my body shouts stop my mind screams never!”
“Sometimes, you have to be your own hero”
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone”
“Wake up work hard look hot kick ass!”
“It’s only impossible until you do it! Chase your goal!”
“Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t.” —Jerry Rice
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.” —Unknown
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.” —Aristotle
“No matter how slow you go, you are still lapping everybody on the couch.” —Unknown
“Sweat is fat crying.” —Unknown
“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” —Wayne Gretzky
“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.” —Tommy Lasorda
“If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.” —Thomas Jefferson
“To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift.” —Steve Prefontaine
“You’re only one workout away from a good mood.” —Unknown
“Nothing will work unless you do.” —Maya Angelou
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.” —Unknown
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” —Michael Jordan
“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“The difference between try and triumph is a little ‘umph’.” —Unknown
Motivational Quotes To Help You Reach Your Fitness Goals
“The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens.” —Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.” —Muhammad Ali
“Making excuses burns zero calories per hour.” —Unknown
“If you’re tired of starting over, stop giving up.” —Unknown
“When you feel like quitting, think about why you started.” —Unknown
Motivational Quotes To Help You Reach Your Fitness Goals
“Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.” —Oprah Winfrey
“Create healthy habits, not restrictions.” —Unknown
“Don’t let the scale define you. Be active, be healthy, be happy.” —Unknown
“It’s going to be a journey. It’s not a sprint to get in shape.” —Kerri Walsh Jennings
 “No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.” —Tony Robbins
“Just believe in yourself. Even if you don’t pretend that you do and, and some point, you will.” —Venus Williams
“Strive for progress, not perfection.” —Unknown
“All great achievements require time.” —Maya Angelou
“We cannot start over. But we can begin now and make a new ending.” —Zig Ziglar
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. ― Vince Lombardi Jr.
Want to be respected? Be consistent.
Love yourself enough to live a healthy lifestyle.
Starve your distractions. Feed your focus. – Unknown
If it doesn’t challenge you it wont change you. – Unknown
When I lost all of my excuses I found my results.
A year from now you may wish you had started today. – Karen Lamb
When you feel like stopping…think about why you started.
You are the only one who can limit your greatness. – Unknown
It’s never too late and you’re never too old to become better.
Don’t give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you. – John Wooden
There are no shortcuts to living your greatest life and becoming your best self.
Your desire to change must be greater than your desire to stay the same.
Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but, because of lack of commitment. – Vince Lombardi
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
If you get tired, learn to rest, not quit.
Look in the mirror. That’s your competition. – John Assaraf
You are much stronger than you think.
Tough times don’t last. Tough people do. – Robert H. Schuller
You are what you do, not what you say you’ll do.
Someone busier than you is working out right now.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable. – Zig Ziglar
 If you want it, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse.
Start where you are. Do what you can. Never stop. Keep going.
Stop doubting yourself. Work hard and make it happen. – Unknown
You will never always be motivated. You have to learn to be disciplined. – Unknown
When your body feels like giving up, that’s when your workout really starts.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. – Michael Jordan
Fall in love with taking care of your body.
What you eat in private will show up in public. – Unknown
If you think living healthy is expensive, try illness. – Unknown
The groundwork for all happiness is good health. – Leigh Hunt
A healthy mind and fit body is how you express your soul.
Our bodies are our gardens – our wills are our gardeners. – William Shakespeare
Eat well. Move daily. Hydrate often. Sleep lots. Love your body.
Sweat is magic. Cover yourself in it daily to grant your health wishes.
Losing weight is hard. Being overweight is hard. Choose your hard.
Workout because you love yourself, not because you hate your body.
 Health is like money, we never have a true idea of its value until we lose it.
Want to be happy? Working out releases endorphins and endorphins make you happy.
Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together and you’ve got a kingdom. – Jack LaLanne
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity. – John F. Kenned
You said ‘tomorrow’ yesterday. – Unknown
Strive for progress, not perfection.
Don’t shrink your goal. Increase your effort.186. One day I’ll be at the place I always wanted to be.
Focus on your goal. Don’t look in any direction but ahead.
Success is what comes after your stop making excuses. – Luis Galarza
You don’t get what you wish for. You get what you work for. – Unknown
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. – Jim Rohn
To achieve great things, you must step out of your comfort zone.
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow. – Arnold Schwarzenegger
You can only reach your goals through commitment, consistency, and hard work.
Setting goals is the first step into turning the invisible into the visible. – Tony Robbins
Set a goal so big that you can’t achieve it until you grow into the person who can. – Unknown
In two weeks, you’ll feel it. In four weeks, you’ll see it. In eight weeks, you’ll hear it.
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable! – Jillian Michaels
If you’re tired of starting over, stop giving up.
A one hour workout is 4% of your day. No excuses.
Your life is a direct reflection of what you have worked for.
 Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance. – Samuel Johnson
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. – Unknown
Results happen over time, not overnight. Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient. – Unknown
Sometimes the bravest thing you can do is to keep going when you feel like giving up.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. – Newt Gingrich
Sometimes you don’t realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness. – Susan Gale
You don’t find will power, you create it. – Unknown
Confidence comes from discipline and training. – Robert Kiyosaki
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. – Anaïs Nin
One isn’t necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. – Maya Angelou
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising every time we fall. – Confucius
You must have the courage and confidence to push through your weaknesses if you want to succeed.
Ability is what you’re capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. – Lou Holtz
 Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. – Roy T. Bennett
Stop whining.
Stop crying.
Stop thinking “poor me”.
 It’s time to put on your big boy pants and man up!
Nothing will work unless you do. – John Wooden
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever. – Lance Armstrong
Don’t train to be skinny. Train to be a bad ass. – Demi Lovato
I train to be the best in the world on my worst day. – Ronda Rousey
Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up. – Sylvester Stallone
I think in life you should work on yourself until the day you die. – Serena Williams
Blood, sweat and respect. First two you give. Last one you earn. – The Rock
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. – Michael Jordan
There’s no secret formula. I lift heavy, work hard, and aim to be the best. – Ronnie Coleman
The muscle and the mind must become one. One without the other is zero. – Lee Haney
Living a healthy lifestyle will only deprive you of poor health, lethargy, and fat. – Jill Johnson
Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t. – Jerry Rice.
I don’t count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count. – Muhammad Ali
 Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. – Arnold Schwarzenegger
“You should never stay at the same level. Always push yourself to the next.” – Marnelli Dimzon
There’s no substitute for hard work. If you work hard and prepare yourself, you might get beat, but you’ll never lose.” – Nancy Lieberman
“They say discipline and dedication and respect are the key factors, but patience is a virtue that is absolutely essential!” – Ria Ramnarine
“There are always new, grander challenges to confront, and a true winner will embrace each one.” – Mia Hamm
“I’d rather regret the risks that didn’t work out than the chances I didn’t take at all.” – Simone Biles
“There is always going to be a reason why you can’t do something; your job is to constantly look for the reasons why you can achieve your dreams.” – Shannon Miller
.hampions keep playing until they get it right.” – Billie Jean King
“If you think you’re done, you always have at least 40 percent more.” – Lauren Crandall
“Erase the world “failure” from your vocabulary. No case is ever truly closed, and no challenge is ever over.” – Mary Lou Retton
“Set realistic goals, keep re-evaluating, and be consistent.” – Venus Williams
“We can push ourselves further. We always have more to give.” – Simone Biles
“No matter what the competition is, I try to find a goal that day and better that goal.” – Bonnie Blair
“I believe in the impossible because no one else does.” – Florence Griffith Joyner
“You can’t always be the best. You have to remember that everyone makes mistakes sometimes.” – Aly Raisman
“Continuous effort — not strength or intelligence — is the key to unlocking our potential.” – Liane Cardes
“The greatest asset is a strong mind. If I know someone is training harder than I am, I have no excuses.” – P.V. Sindhu
“Passion first and everything will fall into place.” – Holly Holm
“Once you give them the power to tell you you’re great, you’ve also given them the power to tell you you’re unworthy. Once you start caring about people’s opinions of you, you give up control.” – Ronda Rousey
“Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don’t settle for them.” – Mia Hamm
“The ability to conquer one’s self is no doubt the most precious of all things that sports bestows.” – Olga Korbut
“If you persevere long enough, if you do the right things long enough, the right things will happen.” -Manon Rheaume
“The potential for greatness lives within each of us.” – Wilma Rudolph
“As much time as you put into it, that’s what your achievements are going to be when you come out of it.” – Mary Lou Retton
“I know how to smile, I know how to laugh, I know how to play. But I know how to do these things only after I have fulfilled my mission.” – Nadia Comaneci
“Somewhere behind the athlete you’ve become and the hours of practice and the coaches who have pushed you is a little girl who fell in love with the game and never looked back… play for her.” – Mia Hamm
“You control your own wins and losses.” – Maria Sharapova
“It doesn’t matter what you’re trying to accomplish. It’s all a matter of discipline.” – Wilma Rudolph
“You’ve got to be confident when you’re competing. You’ve got to be a beast.” – Gabby Douglas
“If you want to achieve something in life, you have to take risks.” – Dipa Karmakar
“Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That’s what little girls are made of; the heck with sugar and spice.” – Bethany Hamilton
“Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you’ll never know. I truly believe what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.” – Danica Patrick
“I don’t run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run toward it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your feet.” – Nadia Comăneci
“The only one who can tell you “you can’t win” is you and you don’t have to listen.” – Jessica Ennis
“People would say, ‘Girls don’t play hockey. Girls don’t skate.’ I would say, ‘Watch this.’” – Hayley Wickenheiser
“All the physical comes from the mental.” – Clara Hughes
“Success in life comes to those who simply refuse to give up; individuals with vision so strong that obstacles, failure and loss only act as teachings.” – Silken Laumann
“Rather than focusing on the obstacle in your path, focus on the bridge over the obstacle.” – Mary Lou Retton
“We all have obstacles. The feeling of satisfaction comes by overcoming something.” – Marta
“You never know if you can actually do something against all odds until you actually do it.” – Abby Wambach
“I’ve worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.” – Mia Hamm
“I’m very task-oriented. The idea of constantly pursuing something with purpose helps me to stay focused.” – Tessa Virtue